[Music]
do you want your visitors to browse your
website like this or do you want to
watch this video or if I told you that
in order to checkout you have to pick
the green button could you now without
being frustrated and this is why I'm
going to tell you about the importance
of web accessibility in one minute so
what is web accessibility it's the idea
that technology must be equally
accessible for people with and without
disabilities and that any barriers to
accessing the web are removed hi 5:30 BL
who are we helping when we make our
sites accessible visitors with visual
disabilities such as low vision or color
blindness auditory disabilities such as
deafness cognitive and neurological
disabilities which can include visitors
with learning disabilities or people
affected by seizures and physical and
motor disabilities such as repetitive
stress injury or muscular dystrophy not
to mention it can also enhance various
other experiences like visitors on a
slow internet connection but how do we
make our sites accessible luckily we
have established standards to follow
these best practices show us the
importance of having semantic heading
structures to ensuring proper color
contrast to providing text alternatives
for video content now that you're ready
to start making your website accessible
start digging in by checking out the
lighthouse audit in chrome dev tools to
see where you can start improving your
site and then check out a web
accessibility workshop at your local
girl developing chapter thanks for
joining the journey to make the web a
better place for everyone
[Music]